skeleton-typescript/README.md, before:

# aurelia-skeleton-navigation (typescript)

## Running The App

To run the app, follow these steps.

1. Ensure that [NodeJS](http://nodejs.org/) is installed. This provides the platform on which the build tooling runs.
2. From the project folder, execute the following command:

  ```shell
  npm install
  ```
3. Ensure that [Gulp](http://gulpjs.com/) is installed globally. If you need to install it, use the following command:

  ```shell
  npm install -g gulp
  ```
  > **Note:** Gulp must be installed globally, but a local version will also be installed to ensure a compatible version is used for the project.
4. Ensure that [jspm](http://jspm.io/) is installed globally. If you need to install it, use the following command:

  ```shell
  npm install -g jspm
  ```
  > **Note:** jspm must be installed globally, but a local version will also be installed to ensure a compatible version is used for the project.

  > **Note:** jspm queries GitHub to install semver packages, but GitHub has a rate limit on anonymous API requests. It is advised that you configure jspm with your GitHub credentials in order to avoid problems. You can do this by executing `jspm registry config github` and following the prompts. If you choose to authorize jspm by an access token instead of giving your password (see GitHub `Settings > Personal Access Tokens`), `public_repo` access for the token is required.
5. Install the client-side dependencies with jspm:

  ```shell
  jspm install -y
  ```
  >**Note:** Windows users, if you experience an error of "unknown command unzip" you can solve this problem by doing `npm install -g unzip` and then re-running `jspm install`.
6. To run the app, execute the following command:

  ```shell
  gulp watch
  ```
7. Browse to [http://localhost:9000](http://localhost:9000) to see the app. You can make changes in the code found under `src` and the browser should auto-refresh itself as you save files.

> The Skeleton App uses [BrowserSync](http://www.browsersync.io/) for automated page refreshes on code/markup changes concurrently across multiple browsers. If you prefer to disable the mirroring feature set the [ghostMode option](http://www.browsersync.io/docs/options/#option-ghostMode) to false

## Running The App under Electron

#### Note:
The first five steps below are identical to the first five steps for running this app the "standard' way, using the jspm / systemjs tooling. The difference is in the command to run the app, where the standard `gulp watch` command is replaced by the sequence of two commands:

```shell
gulp build
electron index.js
```

To run the app under [Electron](http://electron.atom.io), follow these steps.

1. Install [Electron](http://electron.atom.io)

  ```shell
  npm install electron-prebuilt -g
```

2. From the project folder, execute the following command:

  ```shell
  npm install
  ```

3. Ensure that [Gulp](http://gulpjs.com/) is installed globally. If you need to install it, use the following command:

  ```shell
  npm install -g gulp
  ```
  > **Note:** Gulp must be installed globally, but a local version will also be installed to ensure a compatible version is used for the project.

4. Ensure that [jspm](http://jspm.io/) is installed globally. If you need to install it, use the following command:

  ```shell
  npm install -g jspm
  ```
  > **Note:** jspm must be installed globally, but a local version will also be installed to ensure a compatible version is used for the project.

  > **Note:** jspm queries GitHub to install semver packages, but GitHub has a rate limit on anonymous API requests. It is advised that you configure jspm with your GitHub credentials in order to avoid problems. You can do this by executing `jspm registry config github` and following the prompts. If you choose to authorize jspm by an access token instead of giving your password (see GitHub `Settings > Personal Access Tokens`), `public_repo` access for the token is required.

5. Install the client-side dependencies with jspm:

  ```shell
  jspm install -y
  ```
  >**Note:** Windows users, if you experience an error of "unknown command unzip" you can solve this problem by doing `npm install -g unzip` and then re-running `jspm install`.

6. To build the app execute the following command (this will give you a dist directory)

 ```shell
    gulp build
 ```

7. To start the app, execute the following command:

  ```shell
  electron index.js
  ```
>**Note:** If typing the command `electron index.js` is too much for you change this line in package.json from `"main": "dist/main.js",` to `"main": "index.js",`
> Then, you can invoke electron by just typing
 ```shell
   electron .
```


## Bundling
Bundling is performed by [Aurelia Bundler](http://github.com/aurelia/bundler). A gulp task is already configured for that. Use the following command to bundle the app:

  ```shell
    gulp bundle
  ```

You can also unbundle using the command bellow:

  ```shell
    gulp unbundle
  ```

To start the bundled app, execute the following command:

  ```shell
    gulp serve-bundle
  ```
#### Configuration
The configuration is done by ```bundles.js``` file.
##### Optional
Under ```options``` of ```dist/aurelia``` add ```rev: true``` to add bundle file revision/version.

## Running The Unit Tests

To run the unit tests, first ensure that you have followed the steps above in order to install all dependencies and successfully build the library. Once you have done that, proceed with these additional steps:

1. Ensure that the [Karma](http://karma-runner.github.io/) CLI is installed. If you need to install it, use the following command:

  ```shell
  npm install -g karma-cli
  ```
2. Install Aurelia libs for test visibility:

```shell
jspm install aurelia-framework
jspm install aurelia-http-client
jspm install aurelia-router
```
3. You can now run the tests with this command:

  ```shell
  karma start
  ```

## Running The E2E Tests
Integration tests are performed with [Protractor](http://angular.github.io/protractor/#/).

1. Place your E2E-Tests into the folder ```test/e2e/src```
2. Install the necessary webdriver

  ```shell
  gulp webdriver-update
  ```

3. Configure the path to the webdriver by opening the file ```protractor.conf.js``` and adjusting the ```seleniumServerJar``` property. Typically its only needed to adjust the version number.

4. Make sure your app runs and is accessible

  ```shell
  gulp watch
  ```

5. In another console run the E2E-Tests

  ```shell
  gulp e2e
  ```

## Exporting bundled production version
A gulp task is already configured for that. Use the following command to export the app:

  ```shell
    gulp export
  ```
The app will be exported into ```export``` directory preserving the directory structure.

To start the exported app, execute the following command:

  ```shell
    gulp serve-export
  ```

#### Configuration
The configuration is done by ```bundles.js``` file.
In addition, ```export.js``` file is available for including individual files.

Commit message:

doc(readme): include packaging instructions using electron-packager (#693)
* Update README.md to add packaging instructions

Include packaging instructions using electron-packager.

Add Note that "main" in package.json needs to be changed to 'index.js' for packaging to succeed.

NOTE: this README.md update should also be applied to the skeleton-esnext README, since both appear to have the same instructions for running within Electron.

* Update README.md to add packaging instructions

Include packaging instructions using electron-packager.

Add Note that "main" in package.json needs to be changed to 'index.js' for packaging to succeed.

skeleton-typescript/README.md, after:

# aurelia-skeleton-navigation (typescript)

## Running The App

To run the app, follow these steps.

1. Ensure that [NodeJS](http://nodejs.org/) is installed. This provides the platform on which the build tooling runs.
2. From the project folder, execute the following command:

  ```shell
  npm install
  ```
3. Ensure that [Gulp](http://gulpjs.com/) is installed globally. If you need to install it, use the following command:

  ```shell
  npm install -g gulp
  ```
  > **Note:** Gulp must be installed globally, but a local version will also be installed to ensure a compatible version is used for the project.
4. Ensure that [jspm](http://jspm.io/) is installed globally. If you need to install it, use the following command:

  ```shell
  npm install -g jspm
  ```
  > **Note:** jspm must be installed globally, but a local version will also be installed to ensure a compatible version is used for the project.

  > **Note:** jspm queries GitHub to install semver packages, but GitHub has a rate limit on anonymous API requests. It is advised that you configure jspm with your GitHub credentials in order to avoid problems. You can do this by executing `jspm registry config github` and following the prompts. If you choose to authorize jspm by an access token instead of giving your password (see GitHub `Settings > Personal Access Tokens`), `public_repo` access for the token is required.
5. Install the client-side dependencies with jspm:

  ```shell
  jspm install -y
  ```
  >**Note:** Windows users, if you experience an error of "unknown command unzip" you can solve this problem by doing `npm install -g unzip` and then re-running `jspm install`.
6. To run the app, execute the following command:

  ```shell
  gulp watch
  ```
7. Browse to [http://localhost:9000](http://localhost:9000) to see the app. You can make changes in the code found under `src` and the browser should auto-refresh itself as you save files.

> The Skeleton App uses [BrowserSync](http://www.browsersync.io/) for automated page refreshes on code/markup changes concurrently across multiple browsers. If you prefer to disable the mirroring feature set the [ghostMode option](http://www.browsersync.io/docs/options/#option-ghostMode) to false

## Running The App under Electron

#### Note:
The first five steps below are identical to the first five steps for running this app the "standard' way, using the jspm / systemjs tooling. The difference is in the command to run the app, where the standard `gulp watch` command is replaced by the sequence of two commands:

```shell
gulp build
electron index.js
```

To run the app under [Electron](http://electron.atom.io), follow these steps.

1. Install [Electron](http://electron.atom.io)

  ```shell
  npm install electron-prebuilt -g
```

2. From the project folder, execute the following command:

  ```shell
  npm install
  ```

3. Ensure that [Gulp](http://gulpjs.com/) is installed globally. If you need to install it, use the following command:

  ```shell
  npm install -g gulp
  ```
  > **Note:** Gulp must be installed globally, but a local version will also be installed to ensure a compatible version is used for the project.

4. Ensure that [jspm](http://jspm.io/) is installed globally. If you need to install it, use the following command:

  ```shell
  npm install -g jspm
  ```
  > **Note:** jspm must be installed globally, but a local version will also be installed to ensure a compatible version is used for the project.

  > **Note:** jspm queries GitHub to install semver packages, but GitHub has a rate limit on anonymous API requests. It is advised that you configure jspm with your GitHub credentials in order to avoid problems. You can do this by executing `jspm registry config github` and following the prompts. If you choose to authorize jspm by an access token instead of giving your password (see GitHub `Settings > Personal Access Tokens`), `public_repo` access for the token is required.

5. Install the client-side dependencies with jspm:

  ```shell
  jspm install -y
  ```
  >**Note:** Windows users, if you experience an error of "unknown command unzip" you can solve this problem by doing `npm install -g unzip` and then re-running `jspm install`.

6. To build the app execute the following command (this will give you a dist directory)

 ```shell
    gulp build
 ```

7. To start the app, execute the following command:

  ```shell
  electron index.js
  ```
>**Note:** If typing the command `electron index.js` is too much for you change this line in package.json from `"main": "dist/main.js",` to `"main": "index.js",`
> Then, you can invoke electron by just typing
 ```shell
   electron .
```

## Packaging The App Using Electron-Packager

>**Note:** The electron-packager package relies on `"main"` in package.json to know which JS file to use to start the application. To make this work with electron-packager change this line in package.json from `"main": "dist/main.js",` to `"main": "index.js",`

1. Follow steps 1-6 in the previous section (Running The App under Electron).

2. Install electron-packager

  ```shell
  npm install electron-packager -g
  ```
  
3. Run the command:

  ```shell
  electron-packager <sourcedir> <appname> --platform=<platform> --arch=<arch> --version <electron version #> [optional flags...]
  ```
Include the `--asar` option to create an [asar archive](http://electron.atom.io/docs/tutorial/application-packaging/) from your app.

By default, electron-packager will place the packaged app in a folder under the source folder with the naming convention of `<appname>-<platform>-<arch>`.

See the [electron-packager](https://github.com/electron-userland/electron-packager) readme for more details on options.


## Bundling
Bundling is performed by [Aurelia Bundler](http://github.com/aurelia/bundler). A gulp task is already configured for that. Use the following command to bundle the app:

  ```shell
    gulp bundle
  ```

You can also unbundle using the command bellow:

  ```shell
    gulp unbundle
  ```

To start the bundled app, execute the following command:

  ```shell
    gulp serve-bundle
  ```
#### Configuration
The configuration is done by ```bundles.js``` file.
##### Optional
Under ```options``` of ```dist/aurelia``` add ```rev: true``` to add bundle file revision/version.

## Running The Unit Tests

To run the unit tests, first ensure that you have followed the steps above in order to install all dependencies and successfully build the library. Once you have done that, proceed with these additional steps:

1. Ensure that the [Karma](http://karma-runner.github.io/) CLI is installed. If you need to install it, use the following command:

  ```shell
  npm install -g karma-cli
  ```
2. Install Aurelia libs for test visibility:

```shell
jspm install aurelia-framework
jspm install aurelia-http-client
jspm install aurelia-router
```
3. You can now run the tests with this command:

  ```shell
  karma start
  ```

## Running The E2E Tests
Integration tests are performed with [Protractor](http://angular.github.io/protractor/#/).

1. Place your E2E-Tests into the folder ```test/e2e/src```
2. Install the necessary webdriver

  ```shell
  gulp webdriver-update
  ```

3. Configure the path to the webdriver by opening the file ```protractor.conf.js``` and adjusting the ```seleniumServerJar``` property. Typically its only needed to adjust the version number.

4. Make sure your app runs and is accessible

  ```shell
  gulp watch
  ```

5. In another console run the E2E-Tests

  ```shell
  gulp e2e
  ```

## Exporting bundled production version
A gulp task is already configured for that. Use the following command to export the app:

  ```shell
    gulp export
  ```
The app will be exported into ```export``` directory preserving the directory structure.

To start the exported app, execute the following command:

  ```shell
    gulp serve-export
  ```

#### Configuration
The configuration is done by ```bundles.js``` file.
In addition, ```export.js``` file is available for including individual files.
