skeleton-es2016-asp.net5/src/skeleton-navigation-es2016-vs/README.md, before:

# aurelia-skeleton-navigation

[![ZenHub](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ZenHubIO/support/master/zenhub-badge.png)](https://zenhub.io)
[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/aurelia/discuss](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/aurelia/discuss?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

This skeleton is part of the [Aurelia](http://www.aurelia.io/) platform. It sets up a standard navigation-style app using gulp to build your ES6 code with the Babel compiler. Karma/Protractor/Jasmine testing is also configured.

> To keep up to date on [Aurelia](http://www.aurelia.io/), please visit and subscribe to [the official blog](http://blog.durandal.io/). If you have questions, we invite you to [join us on Gitter](https://gitter.im/aurelia/discuss). If you would like to have deeper insight into our development process, please install the [ZenHub](https://zenhub.io) Chrome Extension and visit any of our repository's boards. You can get an overview of all Aurelia work by visiting [the framework board](https://github.com/aurelia/framework#boards).

## Running The App

To run the app, follow these steps.

1. Ensure that [NodeJS](http://nodejs.org/) is installed. This provides the platform on which the build tooling runs.
2. From the project folder, execute the following command:

  ```shell
  npm install
  ```
3. Ensure that [Gulp](http://gulpjs.com/) is installed globally. If you need to install it, use the following command:

  ```shell
  npm install -g gulp
  ```
  > **Note:** Gulp must be installed globally, but a local version will also be installed to ensure a compatible version is used for the project.
4. Ensure that [jspm](http://jspm.io/) is installed globally. If you need to install it, use the following command:

  ```shell
  npm install -g jspm
  ```
  > **Note:** jspm must be installed globally, but a local version will also be installed to ensure a compatible version is used for the project.

  > **Note:** jspm queries GitHub to install semver packages, but GitHub has a rate limit on anonymous API requests. It is advised that you configure jspm with your GitHub credentials in order to avoid problems. You can do this by executing `jspm registry config github` and following the prompts. If you choose to authorize jspm by an access token instead of giving your password (see GitHub `Settings > Personal Access Tokens`), `public_repo` access for the token is required.
5. Install the client-side dependencies with jspm:

  ```shell
  jspm install -y
  ```
  >**Note:** Windows users, if you experience an error of "unknown command unzip" you can solve this problem by doing `npm install -g unzip` and then re-running `jspm install`.
6. To run the app, execute the following command:

  ```shell
  gulp watch
  ```
7. Browse to [http://localhost:9000](http://localhost:9000) to see the app. You can make changes in the code found under `src` and the browser should auto-refresh itself as you save files.

> The Skeleton App uses [BrowserSync](http://www.browsersync.io/) for automated page refreshes on code/markup changes concurrently across multiple browsers. If you prefer to disable the mirroring feature set the [ghostMode option](http://www.browsersync.io/docs/options/#option-ghostMode) to false

## Running The App under Electron

To run the app under [Electron](http://electron.atom.io), follow these steps.

1. Install [Electron](http://electron.atom.io)

  ```shell
  npm install electron-prebuilt -g
  ```
2. To start the app, execute the following command:

  ```shell
  electron index.js
  ```
>**Note:** If you use electron every time or are packaging and so-forth, Then change this line in package.json from
`"main": "dist/main.js",` to `"main": "index.js",`
Build the app (this will give you a dist directory)
```shell
gulp build
```
To start the app, execute the following command:
```shell
   electron .
```


## Bundling
Bundling is performed by [Aurelia Bundler](http://github.com/aurelia/bundler). A gulp task is already configured for that. Use the following command to bundle the app:

  ```shell
    gulp bundle
  ```

You can also unbundle using the command bellow:

  ```shell
  gulp unbundle
  ```
#### Configuration
The configuration is done by ```bundles.js``` file.
##### Optional
Under ```options``` of ```dist/aurelia``` add ```rev: true``` to add bundle file revision/version.

## Running The Unit Tests

To run the unit tests, first ensure that you have followed the steps above in order to install all dependencies and successfully build the library. Once you have done that, proceed with these additional steps:

1. Ensure that the [Karma](http://karma-runner.github.io/) CLI is installed. If you need to install it, use the following command:

  ```shell
  npm install -g karma-cli
  ```
2. Install Aurelia libs for test visibility:

```shell
jspm install aurelia-framework
jspm install aurelia-http-client
jspm install aurelia-router
```
3. You can now run the tests with this command:

  ```shell
  karma start
  ```

## Running The E2E Tests
Integration tests are performed with [Protractor](http://angular.github.io/protractor/#/).

1. Place your E2E-Tests into the folder ```test/e2e/src```
2. Install the necessary webdriver

  ```shell
  gulp webdriver-update
  ```

3. Configure the path to the webdriver by opening the file ```protractor.conf.js``` and adjusting the ```seleniumServerJar``` property. Typically its only needed to adjust the version number.

4. Make sure your app runs and is accessible

  ```shell
  gulp watch
  ```

5. In another console run the E2E-Tests

  ```shell
  gulp e2e
  ```

## Exporting bundled production version
A gulp task is already configured for that. Use the following command to export the app:

  ```shell
    gulp export
  ```
The app will be exported into ```export``` directory preserving the directory structure.
#### Configuration
The configuration is done by ```bundles.js``` file.
In addition, ```export.js``` file is available for including individual files.

Commit message:

feat(project): add 'gulp serve-bundle' task

skeleton-es2016-asp.net5/src/skeleton-navigation-es2016-vs/README.md, after:

# aurelia-skeleton-navigation

[![ZenHub](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ZenHubIO/support/master/zenhub-badge.png)](https://zenhub.io)
[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/aurelia/discuss](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/aurelia/discuss?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

This skeleton is part of the [Aurelia](http://www.aurelia.io/) platform. It sets up a standard navigation-style app using gulp to build your ES6 code with the Babel compiler. Karma/Protractor/Jasmine testing is also configured.

> To keep up to date on [Aurelia](http://www.aurelia.io/), please visit and subscribe to [the official blog](http://blog.durandal.io/). If you have questions, we invite you to [join us on Gitter](https://gitter.im/aurelia/discuss). If you would like to have deeper insight into our development process, please install the [ZenHub](https://zenhub.io) Chrome Extension and visit any of our repository's boards. You can get an overview of all Aurelia work by visiting [the framework board](https://github.com/aurelia/framework#boards).

## Running The App

To run the app, follow these steps.

1. Ensure that [NodeJS](http://nodejs.org/) is installed. This provides the platform on which the build tooling runs.
2. From the project folder, execute the following command:

  ```shell
  npm install
  ```
3. Ensure that [Gulp](http://gulpjs.com/) is installed globally. If you need to install it, use the following command:

  ```shell
  npm install -g gulp
  ```
  > **Note:** Gulp must be installed globally, but a local version will also be installed to ensure a compatible version is used for the project.
4. Ensure that [jspm](http://jspm.io/) is installed globally. If you need to install it, use the following command:

  ```shell
  npm install -g jspm
  ```
  > **Note:** jspm must be installed globally, but a local version will also be installed to ensure a compatible version is used for the project.

  > **Note:** jspm queries GitHub to install semver packages, but GitHub has a rate limit on anonymous API requests. It is advised that you configure jspm with your GitHub credentials in order to avoid problems. You can do this by executing `jspm registry config github` and following the prompts. If you choose to authorize jspm by an access token instead of giving your password (see GitHub `Settings > Personal Access Tokens`), `public_repo` access for the token is required.
5. Install the client-side dependencies with jspm:

  ```shell
  jspm install -y
  ```
  >**Note:** Windows users, if you experience an error of "unknown command unzip" you can solve this problem by doing `npm install -g unzip` and then re-running `jspm install`.
6. To run the app, execute the following command:

  ```shell
  gulp watch
  ```
7. Browse to [http://localhost:9000](http://localhost:9000) to see the app. You can make changes in the code found under `src` and the browser should auto-refresh itself as you save files.

> The Skeleton App uses [BrowserSync](http://www.browsersync.io/) for automated page refreshes on code/markup changes concurrently across multiple browsers. If you prefer to disable the mirroring feature set the [ghostMode option](http://www.browsersync.io/docs/options/#option-ghostMode) to false

## Running The App under Electron

To run the app under [Electron](http://electron.atom.io), follow these steps.

1. Install [Electron](http://electron.atom.io)

  ```shell
  npm install electron-prebuilt -g
  ```
2. To start the app, execute the following command:

  ```shell
  electron index.js
  ```
>**Note:** If you use electron every time or are packaging and so-forth, Then change this line in package.json from
`"main": "dist/main.js",` to `"main": "index.js",`
Build the app (this will give you a dist directory)
```shell
gulp build
```
To start the app, execute the following command:
```shell
   electron .
```


## Bundling
Bundling is performed by [Aurelia Bundler](http://github.com/aurelia/bundler). A gulp task is already configured for that. Use the following command to bundle the app:

  ```shell
    gulp bundle
  ```

You can also unbundle using the command bellow:

  ```shell
  gulp unbundle
  ```

To start the bundled app, execute the following command:

  ```shell
    gulp serve-bundle
  ```
#### Configuration
The configuration is done by ```bundles.js``` file.
##### Optional
Under ```options``` of ```dist/aurelia``` add ```rev: true``` to add bundle file revision/version.

## Running The Unit Tests

To run the unit tests, first ensure that you have followed the steps above in order to install all dependencies and successfully build the library. Once you have done that, proceed with these additional steps:

1. Ensure that the [Karma](http://karma-runner.github.io/) CLI is installed. If you need to install it, use the following command:

  ```shell
  npm install -g karma-cli
  ```
2. Install Aurelia libs for test visibility:

```shell
jspm install aurelia-framework
jspm install aurelia-http-client
jspm install aurelia-router
```
3. You can now run the tests with this command:

  ```shell
  karma start
  ```

## Running The E2E Tests
Integration tests are performed with [Protractor](http://angular.github.io/protractor/#/).

1. Place your E2E-Tests into the folder ```test/e2e/src```
2. Install the necessary webdriver

  ```shell
  gulp webdriver-update
  ```

3. Configure the path to the webdriver by opening the file ```protractor.conf.js``` and adjusting the ```seleniumServerJar``` property. Typically its only needed to adjust the version number.

4. Make sure your app runs and is accessible

  ```shell
  gulp watch
  ```

5. In another console run the E2E-Tests

  ```shell
  gulp e2e
  ```

## Exporting bundled production version
A gulp task is already configured for that. Use the following command to export the app:

  ```shell
    gulp export
  ```
The app will be exported into ```export``` directory preserving the directory structure.
#### Configuration
The configuration is done by ```bundles.js``` file.
In addition, ```export.js``` file is available for including individual files.
